Reporting pipeline (#22)
wellcometrust/aws_utils: RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release adds utils for the reporting pipeline. 

> The functions under ``reporting_utils.py`` describe a basic ETL pipeline from VHS to elasticsearch, without a transformation specified. In this way, the shape of the pipeline remains independent of both the data within it and the transforms being applied. 

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
The functions under ``reporting_utils.py`` describe a basic ETL pipeline from VHS to Elasticsearch, without a transformation specified. In this way, the shape of the pipeline remains independent of both the data within it and the transforms being applied. 
```

> As further data sources are added to the reporting pipeline and more lambdas are created, we keep repeated code to a minimum. In a new lambda, the user should specify a set of data-source-specific transformations in a ``transform.py`` file. The lambda's ``main`` can then remain minimal and generic:

Reviewer: I would capitalise Lambda just to be clear you’re not talking about anonymous functions in Python.

```suggestion
As further data sources are added to the reporting pipeline and more Lambda functions are created, we keep repeated code to a minimum. In a new Lambda function, the user should specify a set of data-source-specific transformations in a ``transform.py`` file. The Lambda's ``main`` can then remain minimal and generic:
```
